feat(router): add `#[Stateless]` attribute (#1692)
tempestphp/tempest-framework: docs/1-essentials/01-routing.md

}
```

## Stateless routes

> When you're building API endpoints, RSS pages, or any other kind of page that does not require any cookie or session data, you mark a route as stateless, skipping all cookie-related logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you're building API endpoints, RSS pages, or any other kind of page that does not require any cookie or session data, you may use the `{#[Tempest\Router\Stateless]}` attribute, which will remove all state-related logic:
```
